# Agenda

> * Group: 1
> * Date: May 6th 2014
> * Venue: TN/A221 P14
> * Chair: Andre Nanninga
> * Secretary: Tom Broenink
> * Action Point Guy (APG): Ward Holthof

| Name                        | Signature   | Absent with / without notice | Other info  |
| :-------------------------- | :---------- | :--------------------------- | :---------- |
| Tom Broenink                |             |                              |             |
| Ward Holthof                |             |                              |             |
| Yuri Hoogeweg               |             |                              |             |
| Andre Nanninga              |             |                              |             |
| Maurits van Mastrigt        |             |                              |             |
| Josephina M. Wempe          |             |                              |             |


## Items

#### 1. Opening
Andr√© opens the meeting at 17:35.
#### 2. Confirmation of the agenda
Agenda item 5 doesn't apply because this is the first meeting.

#### 3. Announcements
Mrs. Wempe announces that agenda item 6 is a standard agenda item.<br>
Andre states that the schedule of the learning tasks will be available soon so we can put it in our schedule.

#### 4. Incoming and outgoing mail / documents
Nothing to add.

#### 5. Confirmation minutes last meeting
-

#### 6. Operating Principles and Norms
Everyone received a copy of the Operating Principles and Norms.
Ward/Maurits wants to add 'Trello' to our list of principles and norms, it's a planning-tool.<br>
Mrs. Wempe's contact information will be added to the contact information.
School-emailaddressess will be added to the contact information.
Maurits will update the contact information.

Maurits gives a short explanation about 'Trello'. It's a very useful tool for planning, for both individual and groupassignments.
It will be used as a replacement for our current planning. It will be the primary tool for the planning within the group.

Tom had a problem with his phone last weekend and didn't let the others know. Should something like this happen again to anyone in the group, it's obligated to let the rest of the group know <i>on time</i>.
Maurits added the 9 AM until 4 PM availability for all groupmembers. This means everyone should be available to work on the assignments during these times. If someone can't make it, Maurits would like to know.

Everyone should individually add their availablity to the document.

Maurits will add a URL to 'File Sharing' within the document.

Add to the document that we inform Bredek when we have problems, during the consultancy hours.

#### 7. Learning Task 1

The group has been divided into 2 sub-groups for LT1, Maurits + Andre & Tom + Yuri + Ward.
The deadline is friday the 16th.
Tomorrow (6th of May) we will start with the assignment. We will then see what kind of problems we might encounter, and try to tackle them.

Andre states that we have to keep in mind that LT3 is coming up. Deadline 26th of May(?).
Maurits will check the sample SLA for LT3 on Blackboard.
The chair has to add LT3 to the agenda for the next meeting.

#### 8. ICC / BSS / ITSM
For next week we have to show the conceptdocument to Mrs. Wempe for ICC. It doesn't have to be complete yet.
A basic structure for the document has to be made. Yuri will do this.
We will have to think about a companyname for our group.

#### 9. To-do list
Will be updated with the discussed actionpoints for the next meeting.

#### 10. Any other business
Ward (APG) will add the Action Points to 'Trello'.

#### 11. Unscheduled questions

#### 12. Arrangements next meeting
The next meeting will take place on 13-05-2014 at either 10:00 or 11.30, depending on Mrs. Wempe's availability.
Tom will be chair for the next meeting, so Tom will contact Mrs. Wempe about 10:00 or 11:30.
Yuri will be APG for the next meeting, and Ward will be secretary.

#### 13. Closure