#Minutes

* Group 1
* Date: May 13th 2014
* Venue: TN/C203a
* Chair: Tom Broenink
* Secretary: Ward Holthof
* Action point dude (APD): Yuri Hoogeweg

## Items

####1. Opening
Tom opens the meeting at 10:00

####2. Confirmation of the agenda
Agenda is confirmed without changes.

####3. Announcements
_Mrs. Wempe_ announces that our Lithuanian friends will be at the ICC lessons together with some other foreign students (this weeks assignments will be suspended).

We will get a sixth group member. _Hofsep_ and _Markus_ their group members will not attend the ICC lessons and they cannot do the ICC tasks by themselves.

####4. Incoming and outgoing mail / documents
_Mrs. Wempe_ mentions she cannot open the ICC document on Trello.  
We agreed to print a version for her this afternoon.

####5. Confirmation minutes last meeting
Minutes have been confirmed without changes.

####6. Group Process
We decided to all give our opinion about our group process last week.  
_Ward:_ Thinks it goes well. Communication is oké  
_André:_ Wants to make it more clear who does what. Finds it hard to get an overview on Trello.  
_Maurits_: Thinks we should improve communication on Whatsapp (response times). Wants to make Trello more clear by making lists per person/group.
_Yuri_ mentions we should make appointments for Whatsapp times. _Maurits_ think we should use Skype as well.  
_Yuri:_ Likes Trello but would like to see some modifications to improve overview.


####7. Learning Task 1
_Tom_ mentions we need to have it finished by this Friday.  

**- Progress**

_Maurits_ his group is almost done, they just need to do some optimization / stress testing and then need to do the documentation on this.  
_Yuri_ his group has the receiving part of the program done. _Ward_ adds that they have the database done. They only need the communication between the application and the database.  

We agree to meet on school tomorrow and get it finished by then! (Not Friday)

**- Issues / obstacles**
None so far.

####8. Learning Task 3 (SLM1)
_Tom_ explains the assignment and mentions we need to have it finished by next Friday.

**- Progress**
We agree to start with it by the end of this week / next week.  
_Ward_ asked when learning task 2 needs to be done. _Tom_ mentions it is due in 3 weeks.


####9. Cultural Document
_Tom_ mentions it should be almost done. _Mrs. Wempe_ has a checklist we can use to make sure it is done.  
_Mrs. Wempe_ mentions we need to make business cards and a letter to invite the Lithuanians. We will discuss this in the next meeting.

####10. ICC / BSS / ITSM
_Mrs. Wempe_ suggests we should scrap this point because we already mentioned the three classes in previous points.  
_Tom_ wants to keep it on the agenda because we can discuss the other assignments in this point.  

_Tom_ mentions ITSM is now called SLM and it should be changed in the next agenda.  

_Tom_ asked if he could get some help with the assignment for BSS. _Maurits_ and _André_ agreed to give him some extra help.  

_Tom_ mentioned he has skipped a lesson because he didn't feel he needed it and wanted to do some other school work instead. He asked if anyone has any problems with skipping lessons.  
_André_ explains the lesson and mentions it should be good to read the sheets in order to catch up.  
We agreed to discuss skipping a lesson in future occasions.  

_Maurtis_ mentions reading the book will compensate skipping lessons as there is much content in the book that is not handled in the lessons.  

_Mrs. Wempe_ wants us to read the book beforehand to make the lessons more interactive. She thinks this way the lessons will be more useful and better to digest.  

_André_ mentions that for SLM we have a guest lecture and we should make some questions we could ask then.
_Tom_ wants to make some questions after te next lesson as then the content of the lecture is still fresh.

####11. To-do list
_Mrs. Wempe_ needs to leave us, she has some courses to attend to.  
We schedule our next meeting at 14:30 may 20th. Unless the other group wants to switch and go first.

_Maurits_ asked if we would be able to choose who would be our sixth group member. He has a preference for Markus.  
_Mrs. Wempe_ will ask _Mr. Stadman_ if we can get Markus.

**-- Back to the point**

_Yuri_ has some points for the To-do list:  

* Print our cultural research document
* Change response time on Whatsapp when we made a appointment
* Improve Trello overview
* Meetings or minimeetings over Skype
* Finish LT1 by tomorrow
* Make planning or LT3
* Rename ITSM in agenda to SLM
* Discuss when people want to skip a class beforehand
* Think of questions for SLM guest lecture

####12. Any other business
_Ward_ wants our name to be Fiscum. We will decide in the next meeting.

####13. Unscheduled questions
Nothing

###14. Arrangements next meeting
The next meeting will be on May 20th at 14:30.  

The chair will be Ward  
Yuri will be the secretary  
Maurits will be the APD  

####15. Closure
Tom closes the meeting at 10:45