# Agenda

> * Group: 1
> * Date: June 19th 2014
> * Venue: TN/A221
> * Chair: Yuri Hoogeweg
> * Secretary: Maurits van Mastrigt
> * Action Point Dude (APD): Tom Broenink

| Name                        | Signature   | Absent with / without notice | Other info      |
| :-------------------------- | :---------- | :--------------------------- | :----------     |
| Tom Broenink                | x           |                              |                 |
| Ward Holthof                | x           |                              |                 |
| Yuri Hoogeweg               | x           |                              |                 |
| Andre Nanninga              | x           |                              |                 |
| Maurits van Mastrigt        | x           |                              |                 |
| Markus Wind                 |             | x                            | Without notice. |
| Josephina M. Wempe          | x           |                              |                 |

## Items

### 1. Opening

Started at 13:54.

### 2. Confirmation of the agenda

No changes.

### 3. Announcements

Markus is absent without notice.

### 4. Incoming and outgoing mail / documents

Received confirmation of the minutes.

Tom will forward the response of Mr Stadman (about the minutes of the first formal meeting) to Mrs Wempe.

Maurits hands in the project requirements (overview per query for the customer/base services and technical requirements).

### 5. Group Process/Communication

The project group has not heard from Markus since the last "discussion" about the group process. Mrs Wempe hasn't heard from him either and will try to contact him.

### 6. Self-assessments

The project group handed in the self-assessment forms.

### 7. Project Specification

The group has decided to drop the first query, due to time issues (as allowed by Mr Stadman). Updating the Formal Meeting 1 minutes is not necessary.

If the group has time left, they could implement the first query as a "bonus" feature.

### 8. Planning and Progress Learning Task 5

The group divided task: Tom, Ward and Yuri will focus on the SLA, Andre and Maurits will focus on the technical aspects (the application).

### 9. To-do list

The group shall wait on the feedback from Mr Stadman (for SLM2/LT4) and will use that for writing the project SLA.

### 10. Any other business

The final rehearsal for Formal Meeting 2 will not be on monday, but on wednesday noon.

The second formal meeting will start on Thirsday June 26th at 08:15. The group must be there at 08:00.

The group will send an agenda and letter of invitation for the second formal meeting by the end of today.

Determine what to put in the SLA and what to hand in (and what not). For example Mr Stadman will need the justification for the costs as a teacher, but not as a client. It would be wise to label the documents with "for the client" and "not for the client".

### 11. Unscheduled questions

Part 8 (planning and progress LT5) will be ajourned to the follow-up ICC meeting.

### 12. Arrangements next meeting

Unnecessary. The next meeting will be the final rehearsal.

### 13. Closure

Finished at 14:18.