# Agenda

> Group: 1  
> Date: May 20th 2014  
> Venue: TN/A221 P14  
> Chair: Ward Holthof  
> Secretary: ~~Yuri Hoogeweg~~ Andre Nanninga  
> Action Point Dude (APD): Maurits van Mastrigt  

| Name                        | Signature   | Absent with / without notice | Other info  |
| :-------------------------- | :---------- | :--------------------------- | :---------- |
| Tom Broenink                |             |                              |             |
| Ward Holthof                |             |                              |             |
| Yuri Hoogeweg               |             | Absent with notice           | Interview   |
| Andre Nanninga              |             |                              |             |
| Maurits van Mastrigt        |             |                              |             |
| Markus Wind                 |             |                              |             |
| Josephina M. Wempe          |             |                              |             |

## Items

#### 1. Opening
Ward opens the meeting at 14:25.

#### 2. Confirmation of the agenda
Agenda is confirmed without changes.

#### 3. Announcements
No announcements.

#### 4. Incoming and outgoing mail / documents
No incoming or outoging mail.

#### 5. Confirmation minutes last meeting
_Mrs Wempe_ asks if the minutes are clear enough. _Markus_ and _Mrs Wempe_ will check if the minutes are clear enough for absentee's. Confirm minutes of 13-05-2014 formally, adjurned. 
_Mrs Wempe_ requests printed minutes of the last meeting.

#### 6. Group Process
_Maurits_ says that trello issue is solved.
_Markus_ explains that the group hasen't been a factor yet because he is mostly working alone.
_Markus_ wishes to know the progress of the group on various.
_Andre_ points out that _Yuri_ was still appointed as secretary even though he is absent with prior notice.
_Mrs Wempe_ asks wether _Yuri_ made any arrangements made for his absence concerning catching up to the ICC interviews.
_Mrs Wempe_ had contact with _Yuri_ discussing catching up with the ICC lessons. _Yuri_ did not confirm his absence with _Mrs Wempe_.

#### 7. Business cards and letter of invitation
_Ward_ asks _Tom_ about a friend who would be able to design the business cards. _Tom_ did not yet have contact with his friend.
The name of the company is __Fiscum__. _Ward_ will come up with a explanation for the name.
_Maurits_ wants to order the business cards by the end of the week.
_Mrs Wempe_ explains that we could print our own business cards at school.
_Mrs Wempe_ suggests to think about the positions within the company.
_Tom_ will contact has friend tomorrow (21-05-2014).
The group will have a seperate discussion about the business cards.

_Mrs Wempe_ will send a copy of the context for the letter of invitation.
_Tom_ says he'll make a concept of the letter of invitation. He will send it to _Mrs Wempe_ as soon as it's finished. Concept email and a concept letter. 

_Maurits_ suggest changing the name to __Da Vinci Software__. Suggesting that it would be easier think of a backstory and context.
The group agrees to change the name to __Da Vinci Software__.

#### 8. Learning Task 3 (SLM1)
_Tom_ has made progress with SLM1.
_Tom_ said that _Mr Stadman_ found it to be lacking.
_Tom_ and _Maurits_ suggest to split the remaining work on the other project members to flesh out the SLM1 progress _Tom_ has made so far.
Tasks will be assigned in Trello by _Maurits_.
_Maurits_ will finalize SLM1. 
Deadline is friday 12.00AM, hardcopy and email.
Thursday is the deadline for every members tasks.

#### 9. Cultural Document
_Mrs Wempe_ made some notes on the concept of the Cultural Document.
The general information seems 'copy and paste', no source.
Contextualize the information wether it has any influence on the meetings.
Tables and paragraphs have no connection, not comparative.
_Mrs Wempe_ likes to add a __How to host__ section.
_Mrs Wempe_ wants some indication on pronounciation of the __Basic words and phrases__.
_Mrs Wempe_ likes to add a section about the formality of meetings, email, contact in general.
_Mrs Wempe_ likes to add a section about negotiation during meetings.
_Mrs Wempe_ will photocopied the notes and handed them to the members of the group.
_Mrs Wempe_ Add sources in text as attachment to the Cultural Document.

Final deadline is the at the next ICC lessons on wednesday.
_Mrs Wempe_ would like a look at a new concept before the final deadline.

#### 10. ICC / BSS / SLM
_Maurits_ asks if everybody is finished with their practica.
Deadline is wednesday. Mentions that he can help where necessary.
_Maurits_ asks about the suits we should wear during the formal meetings.
_Maurits_ like everybody to wear a dark suit.
_Mrs Wempe_ adds that a suit should have shirt not a t-shirt, mind your shoes.

#### 11. To-do list

_Ward_ confirms that the to-do list of the last meeting are completed.

#### 12. Any other business
Nothing.

#### 13. Unscheduled questions
Nothing.

#### 14. Arrangements next meeting
Next meeting may 27th at 10:00 - 10.30.

The chair will be Maurits
The secretary will be Yuri
The Action Point Dude will be Andre

#### 15. Closure
_Ward_ closes the meeting at 15:00.